



Teach Access Recognizes Mine Dogucu as Curriculum Development Awardee 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
Teach Access Recognizes Mine Dogucu as Curriculum Development Awardee
June 3, 2021 

On May 20, 2021, Assistant Professor of Teaching Mine Dogucu was named one of 15 Teach Access Curriculum Development Awardees for 2021-2022. Teach Access is a collaboration among educators, industry leaders, and disability advocacy organizations that aims to support faculty across the country teaching accessible technology design and development to undergraduates. The Curriculum Development Award comes with $5,000 in funding for creating modules, presentations, exercises or curriculum enhancements that introduce the fundamentals of accessible design in classroom-based courses.

Professor Dogucu’s work in statistics and data science education in the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Science (ICS) focuses on curriculum development and modernization. Her goal is to make statistics and data science physically and cognitively accessible.
“I will use the award to develop teaching materials on accessibility in data science,” she says, noting that the materials will be taught as part of the Seminar in Data Science, a course required for all data science majors at UCI. “The materials will introduce students to evaluating the accessibility of data products — more specifically, data visualizations and dashboards,” she adds. “The award will pave the way for ensuring that all our data science majors graduate with some understanding of accessibility.”
This supports the Teach Access vision of “a fully accessible future in which students are equipped to enter the workforce with knowledge of, and skills in, the principles of accessible design and development and the needs of people with disabilities, which results in technology products and services that are born accessible.”
— Shani Murray

« UCI News: “Efforts to treat COVID-19 patients chronicled in UC Health medications data” (Bin Nan mentioned)A bold decision to study abroad in high school led Sirui Hu to UCI and beyond (Data Science major) »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








