



Orange County Business Journal: “UCI releases COVID-19 website” 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
Orange County Business Journal: “UCI releases COVID-19 website”
August 12, 2020 
The University of California, Irvine, which has been privately tracking and analyzing local coronavirus figures since the onset of the pandemic, has released a public online database about the virus in the county that provides comparisons with neighboring California counties. The website shows hospitalized patients with COVID-19, intensive care unit patients, new daily cases and new daily deaths caused by the disease, and provides comparisons between Orange County and Alameda, Los Angeles, San Diego and Santa Clara counties. This is the first website to provide county-to-county comparisons of key coronavirus statistics, according to UCI.
Read the full article at Orange County Business Journal. A subscription may be required; You can request an electronic copy of the article by sending an email to communications@uci.edu.

« Yahoo News: “Data Glitch Confounds Coronavirus Totals In Orange County, State” (Vladimir Minin quoted)ICS Statistics Researchers Release New Online ‘OC COVID Situation Report’ »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








