



Olivia Bernstein Named Outstanding TA in Statistics 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
Olivia Bernstein Named Outstanding TA in Statistics
October 10, 2018 The 2018 Outstanding Graduate Teaching Assistant for the Department of Statistics is Ph.D. student Olivia Bernstein. A skilled researcher with experience in data analytics and chemistry, Bernstein says the secret to being a good TA is to have the “patience to explain concepts in different ways to students.” She also stresses the need to “keep up on the administrative parts of the job.” While still unsure of her future plans, her goal is to pursue something related to statistics research.

« Hina Arora, Tong Zou Share 2018 Newcomb Graduate Award in StatisticsKnowable Magazine: “When courtroom science goes wrong — and how stats can fix it” (Hal Stern featured) »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








