



Hina Arora, Tong Zou Share 2018 Newcomb Graduate Award in Statistics 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
Hina Arora, Tong Zou Share 2018 Newcomb Graduate Award in Statistics
October 10, 2018 This year, the Robert L. Newcomb Memorial Endowed Graduate Student Award was split between two students, Hina Arora and Tong Zou. The classmates and friends were pleased to win the award. Arora, who is a Ph.D. student interested in statistical methodology and applied machine learning, was “very excited and thankful” to hear she had won. She hopes to have a research career after earning her Ph.D.


Zou is a master’s student researching bloodstain pattern analysis under the guidance of Chancellor’s Professor of Statistics Hal Stern. “I felt honored and proud,” he says of winning the award, “knowing my efforts over the last year have paid off.” He adds that he is “very grateful” for the professors who have trained him to have a “statistical mindset.” Zou plans to apply for a Ph.D. program in statistics.
The Newcomb Graduate Award was created to honor the life of Bob Newcomb and his contributions as founding director of UCI’s Center for Statistical Consulting. In recognition of his passion for getting students interested in statistics, the fellowship fund provides statistical support to researchers and helps advance the careers of graduate students in the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences (ICS).
— Shani Murray

« Professor Guindani Named Incoming Editor-in-Chief of Bayesian AnalysisOlivia Bernstein Named Outstanding TA in Statistics »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








