



Utts Discusses “Statistics for Good Governance” at International Conference in Sri Lanka 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
Utts Discusses “Statistics for Good Governance” at International Conference in Sri Lanka
January 18, 2018 Statistics Professor Jessica Utts (right) at an international statistics conference in Sri Lanka. (Photo courtesy of the Daily FT)
What role do statisticians play in governing? A pretty important one, according to Statistics Professor Jessica Utts. The 2016 President of the American Statistical Association (ASA) gave a keynote speech in Sri Lanka titled “The Importance of Statistics for Good Governance and What the ASA is Doing to Help.” The speech was delivered in December at the Institute of Applied Statistics Sri Lanka International Conference (IASSL-IC), which was themed, “Statistics for Good Governance.” IASSL is a nonprofit organization that aims to support the professional development of statisticians and statistical education in Sri Lanka.
As reported by Shannon Jayawardena, Utts explained in her keynote that “good governance means making decisions that benefit the constituents in an efficient and effective way.” Regardless of the organization’s size or structure – whether you’re governing a nation or small club — “data and statistical knowledge should play a major role in the process of making decisions and setting policy,” said Utts. However, she also noted that this requires “good” data, and while “collecting massive amounts of data has become easy, collecting good data remains difficult.”
This is where statisticians can help in a variety of ways. First, Utts said that they can help organizations understand the difference between good and bad data, which is “crucial for good governance.” Second, they can help “educate people, ranging from politicians and policymakers to the general public, on the appropriate use and interpretation of data.” Finally, they can “play a major role in improving statistical methods for more efficient and accurate data collection and analysis.”
— Shani Murray

« 2018 ICS Projects and PredictionsLakeland Times: “Autism numbers spike: The latest call to action” (Stern quoted) »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








