



Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences – Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences








































Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting








Research










M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics










Faculty Directory










UCI Launches New Professional Program: Master of Data Science










 











For 20 years, UCI’s Department of Statistics has continued to grow as a leader in creating statistical methodology for use in data science applications. With an emphasis on research in statistical theory and interdisciplinary collaborations, the department has grown over the years to house the Center for Statistical Consulting, providing statistical expertise through collaborative relationships with researchers across the campus and community, and was one of the first in the world to offer an undergraduate degree in data science. Explore the statistics website to learn more about our accomplishments and how you can become part of our community.
 
Job OpportunitiesFor a listing of current academic positions open in the Statistics Department, visit the Academic Recruitment website.
 
Fall 2021 Seminar Series

 October 21  at 4 p.m.Peter MuellerUT Austin“Single Arm Trials with a Synthetic Control
Arm Built from RWD”Diversity and Inclusion Talk
Join Via Zoom
Fall 2021 Seminar Schedule

















Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy



















