



Hal Stern Appointed Vice Provost for Academic Planning 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
Hal Stern Appointed Vice Provost for Academic Planning
August 7, 2019 

Dear colleagues,On behalf of Chancellor Gillman, I am pleased to 
announce that Hal S. Stern has been appointed vice provost for academic 
planning, effective Sept. 1. Since joining UCI as founding chair of the 
Department of Statistics in 2002, Professor Stern has held a range of 
academic and administrative leadership roles. He served for eight years 
as chair of statistics and then more than six years as the Ted and 
Janice Smith Family Foundation Dean of the Donald Bren School of 
Information and Computer Sciences. He is currently a Chancellor’s 
Professor of statistics.

 Before joining UCI, Professor Stern had faculty appointments at Iowa  State University and Harvard University. His research interests include  Bayesian methods, model assessment techniques, causal inference, and  collaborative projects in the life sciences and social sciences. He is  co-director of the Center for Statistics and Applications in Forensic  Evidence, funded by the National Institute of Standards and Technology,  and is part of the leadership team for the Conte Center at UCI, funded  by the National Institutes of Health.Professor Stern is a fellow of the  American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American  Statistical Association and the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. In  addition, he has served on several expert committees for the National  Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine.
 In his new role,  Professor Stern will be responsible for academic  planning and will work  closely with the schools to develop new degree  programs and academic  units. He will serve as UCI’s accreditation  liaison officer for the  Western Association of Schools and Colleges and  will lead the Academic  Planning Group.Please join me in congratulating  Professor Stern on his  new role.
Sincerely, Enrique J. Lavernia, Ph.D.Provost and Executive Vice ChancellorDistinguished Professor, Department of Materials Science & Engineering 

« Professor Nan Awarded NSF Grant to Improve Statistical InferenceStatistics Professors Shahbaba and Minin Help Develop Framework to Investigate Complex Biological  Systems »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








