



Qu Appointed IMS Program Secretary 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
Qu Appointed IMS Program Secretary
July 28, 2021 

The Institute of Mathematical Statistics (IMS) Council approved the appointment of Annie Qu as IMS program secretary for the term of Sept. 8, 2021 to Aug. 14, 2024, as recommended by the Committee to Select Administrative Officers. Qu is Chancellor’s Professor in the Department of Statistics at the University of California, Irvine.

Qu’s research focuses on solving fundamental issues regarding structured and unstructured large-scale data, and developing cutting-edge statistical methods and theory in machine learning and algorithms on personalized medicine, text mining, recommender systems, medical imaging data and network data analyses for complex heterogeneous data. The newly developed methods are able to extract essential and relevant information from large volume high-dimensional data. 
Her research has impacts in many fields such as biomedical studies, genomic research, public health research, social and political sciences. Before she joined UCI, Qu was Data Science Founder Professor of Statistics, and the director of the Illinois Statistics Office, at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). She earned her Ph.D. in statistics from the Pennsylvania State University. She was awarded the Brad and Karen Smith Professorial Scholar by the College of LAS at UIUC, was a recipient of an NSF Career award in 2004-09, and is a Fellow of IMS and ASA.
Story originally published in the August 2021 issue of the IMS Bulletin.

« The Resilience of the Class of 2021Mine Dogucu Receives Young Investigator Award »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








