

Game Day 2016 @ The Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences






This site will look much better in a browser that supports web standards, but it is accessible to any browser or Internet device.









ABOUT

About the School
Dean's Welcome
Facts and Figures
Donald Bren Hall
Visit the Bren School
Equity & Diversity
Contact Us



 DEPARTMENTS 

Computer Science
Informatics
Statistics



 RESEARCH 

Research Areas
Research Centers
Research Highlights



 STUDENTS 

Graduate ▸ 

Prospective Students
How to Apply
Programs of Study
Academic Year Plan
Forms
Policies
Funding & Housing
Computing Support
Campus Resources
Visit the Bren School
Graduate Student Handbook
Contact


Undergraduate ▸ 

Contact
Academic Advising
Course Updates
Academic Year Plan
Petitions
ICS Majors
ICS Minors
Policies: Academic Integrity
Policies: Academic Standing
Policies: Add, drop, & change options
Policies: Coursework outside UCI
Policies: Grade policy
Policies: Laptop & computer use
Policies: Withdrawal/Readmission
Policies: CS 199 / IN4MATX 199 Courses
Graduation
ICS Student Life
Upcoming Events
Computing Support


Scholarships & Fellowships
Student Jobs & Internships



PEOPLE

Faculty
Staff
Graduate Students



NEWS & EVENTS

Newsroom
Events
Press Releases
Annual Reports
Student Blogs



GET INVOLVED

Make a Gift
Alumni
Leadership Council
Corporate Partners
Sponsor Projects
Product Development Competition







Bren school home / Community / Events / 




Game Day 2016 is a celebration of game development, teaching and research at UC Irvine. The campus is located in a region long known as a hub of the game industry, and many UCI alumni work at or have founded local game companies. UCI is a leader in undergraduate game education with its computer game science (CGS) major, and conducts pioneering game research, spearheaded by the campus's Institute for Virtual Environments and Computer Games. The Video Game Development Club (VGDC), with more than 200 active members, sponsors game jams, holds workshops where students teach each other, and frequently invites local industry leaders to campus to talk with students.
The Game Day event will start on Wednesday, March 9, 2016 at 4 p.m., with presentations from the eight teams in the CGS major's capstone game development course. Following these presentations, the teams' games, as well as games developed by the VGDC, will be available for attendees to play. Booths sponsored by game companies, friendly game competitions, hearty hors d'oeuvres, and a light dinner will help make Game Day 2016 a memorable event.
Game Day 2016 will be held on the beautiful UC Irvine campus, at Donald Bren Hall. It is sponsored by the computer game science major of the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences; the Institute for Virtual Environments and Computer Games; the Video Game Development Club; and Blizzard Entertainment.

Game Day 2016 will be held at UCI's Donald Bren Hall (http://goo.gl/maps/YKsbE) on Wednesday, March 9, 2016. The schedule is tentatively set as follows:
4 - 5 p.m.: Registration, hors d'oeuvres, and mingling.  5 - 6:30 p.m.: Dean's welcome and presentations from the eight capstone teams  6:30 - 8:30 p.m.: Game playing, buffet dinner
  
 

  


Quick Links 
- select a page -
Computing support
CS Seminar Series
Employment
Facilities
Find faculty and staff
Giving to the Bren School
Graduate degrees
Kay Family Foundation Lab
Project ICS
Prospective undergraduates
Safety procedures
Undergraduate degrees

       

Copyright Inquiries | UCI Directory | Intranet




