



KUCI Office Hours Podcast: “Keeping Up with Coronavirus Statistics” (Vladimir Minin interviewed) 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
KUCI Office Hours Podcast: “Keeping Up with Coronavirus Statistics” (Vladimir Minin interviewed)
September 28, 2020 
When the pandemic hit, UC Irvine professor of statistics Vladimir Minin began moving quickly into action. Working with his colleagues, he developed two websites to display numbers of COVID-19 cases and deaths in Orange County and all of California. Join us as we discuss trends of cases, how to understand statistics, and his process of collecting information and presenting it to the public. The websites can be reached here (https://www.stat.uci.edu/covid19/index.html) and here (https://www.stat.uci.edu/oc_covid_model/index.html).
Listen to the podcast at KUCI: Office Hours.

« UCI statisticians release new online Orange County COVID-19 information resourceOrange County Business Journal: “UCI Forecasts COVID-19 Trends in OC” »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








