



Minin Co-Edits Special Section on Infectious Diseases in Statistical Science 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
Minin Co-Edits Special Section on Infectious Diseases in Statistical Science
February 12, 2018 Statistics Professor Vladimir Minin recently organized a special section on infectious diseases in Statistical Science in collaboration with Theodore Kypraios, an associate professor of mathematics at the University of Nottingham. The section, written for the broader statistical community, covers the state-of-the-art of statistical inference for stochastic epidemic models for infectious disease data. It includes the following six articles:


“Approximate Bayesian Computation and Simulation-Based Inference for Complex Stochastic Epidemic Models,”
“Comparison and Assessment of Epidemic Models,”
“Evidence Synthesis for Stochastic Epidemic Models,”
“Bayesian Nonparametrics for Stochastic Epidemic Models,”
“Modeling and Inference for Infectious Disease Dynamics: A Likelihood-based Approach” and
“Estimating Transmission from Genetic and Epidemiological Data: A Metric to Compare Transmission Trees.”

According to Minin, “the purpose was to introduce and review important statistical problems and advances in infectious disease research that have been made in recent years.”
The section also includes an introduction by Minin and Kypraios that discusses how the “ability to quickly unravel the dynamics of the spread of infectious diseases is important for effective prevention of future outbreaks and for control of ongoing ones.” They also point to ongoing challenges, such as model scalability and assessment, use of genetic data and data integration.
— Shani Murray

« Lakeland Times: “Autism numbers spike: The latest call to action” (Stern quoted)Shahbaba Receives $1.7 Million Grant to Develop Novel Models for Neural Data Analysis »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








