



Professor Berrocal Elected Chair of the Section in Environmental Sciences of the ISBA 






























Department of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer SciencesDepartment of Statistics - Donald Bren School of Information & Computer Sciences
Explore

Chair’s Welcome
What is Statistics?
Contact the Department
Tutoring Resources


Faculty

Faculty Directory
Job Opportunities


Research
Graduate Degrees

M.S. & Ph.D. in Statistics
Master of Data Science
Current Course Listings
Graduate Student Directory
Internships & Employment Opportunities
Employers of UCI Statistics Students


Undergraduate Degrees

B.S. in Data Science
Minor in Statistics
Current Course Listings


News & Seminars

News
Seminars


Center for Statistical Consulting
Professor Berrocal Elected Chair of the Section in Environmental Sciences of the ISBA
December 10, 2019 

Statistics Associate Professor Veronica Berrocal was recently elected to a three-year term as chair of the Section in Environmental Sciences (EnviBayes) of the International Society of Bayesian Analysis (ISBA). EnviBayes promotes research and education in Bayesian methods in environmental sciences, organizing conferences and workshops and developing short courses for students and practitioners. It also encourages academics to work with environmental and public health organizations.

Berrocal, who joined the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences (ICS) in September after nine years at the University of Michigan, was pleased to learn she had been elected as chair. “Knowing that my fellow Bayesian, environmental statisticians trust me to lead the section made me feel humbled and very happy,” she says. 
Berrocal is, in fact, more than qualified. She served as a postdoc research associate at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), has served as an ad-hoc member in several scientific advisory panels for the EPA, and has held various officer positions in the Section on Statistics and the Environment (ENVR) of the American Statistical Association (ASA).
“I have always been interested in environmental sciences,” says Berrocal, recalling how her goal in graduate school was to “marry my interest in statistics with my love for anything related to the environment.” Her dissertation focused on probabilistic weather forecasting using the output of a numerical weather prediction model, while her postdoc research dealt with statistical post-processing of outputs of deterministic computer models for air quality. “Through my postdoc then, and my participation in EPA scientific advisory panels now,” she says, “I am increasingly appreciative not only of the importance of the work that researchers at EPA carry out, but also of the role that statistics could play in helping EPA address many of the issues the agency is trying to tackle: from environmental exposure assessment to characterization of environmental risk.” 
During her term leading EnviBayes, Berrocal hopes to grow the section and increase its visibility. Her plan is to establish quarterly webinars where researchers in environmental disciplines can highlight questions and issues where the involvement of Bayesian environmental statisticians is strongly needed.
“Ultimately, I’d like for environmental statisticians, Bayesians and non, to have a stronger presence and play a greater role not only in pushing environmental sciences research forward but also in informing environmental policies in protection of the environment, the Earth and human health,” says Berrocal.
— Shani Murray

« Staff Spotlight: Rosemary Busta’s Journey from Chemistry to Statistics to Scotland and BeyondStatistics Ph.D. Student Mary Ryan Receives Public Impact Fellowship »

Latest News


Stephan Mandt and Collaborators Receive $3.5 Million to Study Machine Learning for Climate Science
October 9, 2021


Harnessing the Data Revolution: ICS Researchers and Collaborators Receive $1.5M Data Science Grant
August 31, 2021


Lifetime Achievement and Dinsdale Awards: Double the Accolades for Professor Emerita Jessica Utts
August 20, 2021


UCI News: “UCI-led study finds disparities in O.C. rates of COVID-19 infection, mortality” (Vladimir Minin mentioned)
August 19, 2021


From Theory to Practice: UCI’s Machine Learning Hackathon Delivers
August 13, 2021



 News Archive


 





© 2021 UC Regents
Feedback
Privacy Policy








